README.md, before:

[![Stake to support us](https://badge.devprotocol.xyz/0x9110f25B4B3f73b7E886c8C3aaAcF6e4Cb49564c/descriptive)](https://stakes.social/0x9110f25B4B3f73b7E886c8C3aaAcF6e4Cb49564c)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/amirzubi/wordpress-code-snippets?color=00ae99)

# Wordpress Code Snippets

This Repository contains a collection of code snippets for WordPress and its plugins.

# Categories

Navigate through the categories here:<br>
<strong><br>
[1. Wordpress](#wordpress)<br>
[2. Woocommerce](#woocommerce)<br>
[3. Elementor](#elementor)<br>
[4. Jetpack](#jetpack)
</strong>

## WordPress

### Disable WordPress Features & Functions

- [Disable Admin Bar for All Users](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-admin-bar-for-all-users.php)
- [Disable GetLocation on Specific Pages](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-getlocation.php)
- [Disable Image Links (a Tag)](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-image-links.php)
- [Disable WordPress Search](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-search.php)

### Add Features & Functions

- [Add Translations](/wordpress/php/wp-translations.php)
- [Change WP-Admin Logo](/wordpress/php/wp-change-wp-admin-logo.php)
- [Add Shortcodes to Widgets](/wordpress/php/wp-add-shortcodes-to-widgets.php)

### Blog

- [Show Ads between Blog Post Paragraphs](/wordpress/php/wp-show-ads-between-blog-post-paragraphs.php)

## Woocommerce

### General

- [Add Price to the Add-To-Cart-Button](/woocommerce/php/wc-add-price-to-add-to-cart-button.php)
- [Change the Text on the Add-To-Cart-Button](/woocommerce/php/wc-change-add-to-cart-text-on-button.php)
- [Disable Ajax Cart Fragments](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-ajax-cart-fragments.php)
- [Disable the Password Strength Meter](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-password-strength-meter.php)
- [Change rel=nofollow to rel=dofollow for Add-To-Cart-Buttons](/woocommerce/php/wc-change-rel-nofollow.php)

### Shop

- [Add Sold Out Badge to Shop Product Loop](/woocommerce/php/wc-add-sold-out-badge.php)
- [Hide Add-to-Cart-Button on Shop Product Loop](/woocommerce/php/wc-shop-hide-add-to-cart-button.php)
- [Define Numbers of Products Displayed per Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-define-numbers-of-products-displayed-per-page.php)

### Product Detail Page

- [Remove Links from the Thumbnail Image on the Single Product Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-links-from-single-product-image-thumbnails.php)
- [Redirect Customers who Purchased the Product to a Specific Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-redirect-customers-who-purchased-the-product.php)

### Cart

- [Amount Left for Free Shipping Notice in the Cart](/woocommerce/php/wc-amount-left-for-free-shipping-notice.php)
- [Remove Subtotal on the Cart Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-subtotal.php)

### Checkout

- [Add the Email-Field on First Place on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-email-on-first_place.php)
- [Inline, Remove or Change Fields on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-inline-fields-remove-fields-change-placeholder.php)
- [Auto Check Checkboxes on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-auto-check-checkboxes.php)
- [Delete the Additional Order Information Field on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-delete-additional-order-informations.php)
- [Remove the "What is PayPal?" Notice on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-what-is-paypal.php)

### Thank You Page

- [Change the Order Received Text on the Thank You Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-thankyou-change-order-received-text.php)
- [Change the Title on the Thank You Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-thankyou-change-title.php)

### Accounts

- [Link Guest Order to Existing Customer, If Account Already Exists](/woocommerce/php/wc-link-guest-order-to-existing-customer.php)

### Emails

- [Disable Customer Order Emails for a Specific Product](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-customer-order-emails-for-a-specific-product.php)

### Shortcodes

- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Name](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-name.php)
- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Price](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-price.php)
- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Rating](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-rating.php)

## Elementor

### Disable Elementor Features & Functions

- [Disable Google Fonts](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-google-fonts.php)
- [Disable Font Awesome](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-font-awesome.php)
- [Disable Eicons](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-eicons.php)
- [Disable Page Titles on all Pages](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-page-titles.php)

### Modify Elementor Features & Functions

- [Change the Date Format in Elementor Forms](/elementor/php/elementor-form-date-format.php)

## Jetpack

- [Disable Jetpack CSS](/jetpack/php/jetpack-disable-css.php)

# Usage

Add the PHP-Code to your functions.php file in your child-theme or download the plugin [Code Snippets](https://de.wordpress.org/plugins/code-snippets/) and add it in there. Make sure you delete the PHP opening and closing tag if they are already available in the file.

# Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

# Credits

This repository is a collection of different kind of code snippets for wordpress and its plugins. Some of them are coded by the author himself and some are taken from external sources. The external sources are listed down below.

- [Business Bloomer](https://www.businessbloomer.com/)
- [Webdeasy](https://webdeasy.de/wordpress-code-snippets)

Commit message:

Added new function "Show Related Blog Posts"

README.md, after:

[![Stake to support us](https://badge.devprotocol.xyz/0x9110f25B4B3f73b7E886c8C3aaAcF6e4Cb49564c/descriptive)](https://stakes.social/0x9110f25B4B3f73b7E886c8C3aaAcF6e4Cb49564c)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/amirzubi/wordpress-code-snippets?color=00ae99)

# Wordpress Code Snippets

This Repository contains a collection of code snippets for WordPress and its plugins.

# Categories

Navigate through the categories here:<br>
<strong><br>
[1. Wordpress](#wordpress)<br>
[2. Woocommerce](#woocommerce)<br>
[3. Elementor](#elementor)<br>
[4. Jetpack](#jetpack)
</strong>

## WordPress

### Disable WordPress Features & Functions

- [Disable Admin Bar for All Users](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-admin-bar-for-all-users.php)
- [Disable GetLocation on Specific Pages](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-getlocation.php)
- [Disable Image Links (a Tag)](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-image-links.php)
- [Disable WordPress Search](/wordpress/php/wp-disable-search.php)

### Add Features & Functions

- [Add Shortcodes to Widgets](/wordpress/php/wp-add-shortcodes-to-widgets.php)
- [Add Translations](/wordpress/php/wp-translations.php)
- [Change WP-Admin Logo](/wordpress/php/wp-change-wp-admin-logo.php)

### Blog

- [Show Ads between Blog Post Paragraphs](/wordpress/php/wp-show-ads-between-blog-post-paragraphs.php)
- [Show Related Blog Posts](/wp-show-related-blog-posts.php)

## Woocommerce

### General

- [Add Price to the Add-To-Cart-Button](/woocommerce/php/wc-add-price-to-add-to-cart-button.php)
- [Change rel=nofollow to rel=dofollow for Add-To-Cart-Buttons](/woocommerce/php/wc-change-rel-nofollow.php)
- [Change the Text on the Add-To-Cart-Button](/woocommerce/php/wc-change-add-to-cart-text-on-button.php)
- [Disable Ajax Cart Fragments](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-ajax-cart-fragments.php)
- [Disable the Password Strength Meter](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-password-strength-meter.php)

### Shop

- [Add Sold Out Badge to Shop Product Loop](/woocommerce/php/wc-add-sold-out-badge.php)
- [Define Numbers of Products Displayed per Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-define-numbers-of-products-displayed-per-page.php)
- [Hide Add-to-Cart-Button on Shop Product Loop](/woocommerce/php/wc-shop-hide-add-to-cart-button.php)

### Product Detail Page

- [Redirect Customers who Purchased the Product to a Specific Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-redirect-customers-who-purchased-the-product.php)
- [Remove Links from the Thumbnail Image on the Single Product Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-links-from-single-product-image-thumbnails.php)

### Cart

- [Amount Left for Free Shipping Notice in the Cart](/woocommerce/php/wc-amount-left-for-free-shipping-notice.php)
- [Remove Subtotal on the Cart Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-subtotal.php)

### Checkout

- [Add the Email-Field on First Place on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-email-on-first_place.php)
- [Auto Check Checkboxes on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-auto-check-checkboxes.php)
- [Delete the Additional Order Information Field on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-delete-additional-order-informations.php)
- [Inline, Remove or Change Fields on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-checkout-inline-fields-remove-fields-change-placeholder.php)
- [Remove the "What is PayPal?" Notice on the Checkout Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-remove-what-is-paypal.php)

### Thank You Page

- [Change the Order Received Text on the Thank You Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-thankyou-change-order-received-text.php)
- [Change the Title on the Thank You Page](/woocommerce/php/wc-thankyou-change-title.php)

### Accounts

- [Link Guest Order to Existing Customer, If Account Already Exists](/woocommerce/php/wc-link-guest-order-to-existing-customer.php)

### Emails

- [Disable Customer Order Emails for a Specific Product](/woocommerce/php/wc-disable-customer-order-emails-for-a-specific-product.php)

### Shortcodes

- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Name](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-name.php)
- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Price](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-price.php)
- [Add a Shortcode to Display the Product Rating](/woocommerce/php/wc-shortcode-display-product-rating.php)

## Elementor

### Disable Elementor Features & Functions

- [Disable Eicons](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-eicons.php)
- [Disable Font Awesome](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-font-awesome.php)
- [Disable Google Fonts](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-google-fonts.php)
- [Disable Page Titles on all Pages](/elementor/php/elementor-disable-page-titles.php)

### Modify Elementor Features & Functions

- [Change the Date Format in Elementor Forms](/elementor/php/elementor-form-date-format.php)

## Jetpack

- [Disable Jetpack CSS](/jetpack/php/jetpack-disable-css.php)

# Usage

Add the PHP-Code to your functions.php file in your child-theme or download the plugin [Code Snippets](https://de.wordpress.org/plugins/code-snippets/) and add it in there. Make sure you delete the PHP opening and closing tag if they are already available in the file.

# Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

# Credits

This repository is a collection of different kind of code snippets for wordpress and its plugins. Some of them are coded by the author himself and some are taken from external sources. The external sources are listed down below.

- [Business Bloomer](https://www.businessbloomer.com/)
- [Drweb](https://www.drweb.de/wordpress-snippets/)
- [Webdeasy](https://webdeasy.de/wordpress-code-snippets)
